max and jack have extremely complicated
love lives you know there's been many
overlaps
um tanya i love you
it's all gonna be all right what do you
think i'm sure
of you stacy of course i love my wife
you love her so much that you came over
here on christmas day and gave me a good
scene too
i remember that the affair the max stacy
affair originally it was only going to
be shorter i think it was going to be
six months and they uh they changed it
they
they extended it because they i think
they realized that they wanted it to be
the the christmas story line
and it was yeah obviously it just it
really paid off this scene for me is up
there
in terms of one of the best scenes in
the history
this is classic classic
eastenders at its best bradley
who's why is that though well it's yours
in it though yeah bradley from lottery
no wait that's not for bradley it's a
mistake it's got his name on it yeah but
it's wrong i need to take it back
is that what i think it is the wedding
video it's the mistake i'll make it all
up you don't want to see him you really
don't
wrong no your time stays yeah i'll stick
it on
i can't bear it here we go give me acid
oh it makes my toes count you can't even
look at it
all right let's watch the queen's speech
[Laughter]
brad
ready
because the stupid crazy thing is i
still love you
i'm married now when you think all this
your fitness is just going to go away oh
so long as you're sure you made the
right choice all the families there that
that's just terrible stall for that as
long as you're sure
that's my brother you must be bursting
with pride
even now yeah it makes you feel a bit
uncomfortable watching it
i mean we shot that quite a few times
and and the lovely thing about that was
the director just let it play out
he wasn't telling anyone what shots he
was getting so everyone was really in
that moment
everyone's great and then look at
everyone's faces and their reactions
what a reveal what a treat you know
christmas day
a massive storyline for the brannings
what's it like taking on something this
huge
it's what you hope for when you join a
show like this like to be part of
i suppose you know iconic eastenders
moments
um so to be in the center of it yeah
it's a really exciting place to be
max and jack have had their fair share
of lovers down the years but
who's keeping score well i am
what i'm going to do right i'm going to
call out the names
of females in eastenders
and you're going to tell me which one of
you have been intimate
i remember with these characters all
right there's been a few can i just say
yes now to all of them
yeah you probably have right uh
sharon watts sharon watts no i have
ruby yeah max has been with ruby i
looked at one of the cameramen there and
he just went
don't give it no not helping no helping
see i'm jealous they know more than we
do yeah
um chelsea fox so this is daughter of
denise
uh lucy beal yeah max mel owen
me i think max has been with mel
oh really is he no he ain't does he not
you tried it she slapped you back oh he
tried it
yeah she slept back no they kissed cat
slater
max vanessa gould yes carmel
max was with carmel he was yeah karen
smart
was it me it's max karen smart yeah
oh denise van outen yes oh yeah
and the first time i ever met her we had
to fall through a doorway
kissing passionately it's at half seven
on a monday morning
i don't know who's scheduled that you
want to do a few scenes where you
like say hello and you know straight in
there yeah um
sam mitchell me yeah i've got a kid with
her anyway roxy mitchell
yeah like the mitchells rainey yes
yeah it's been a bit of a sore point fee
browning
yeah max can i just say he obviously
is a much dirtier dog it's here very
good black and white
max max max max max thank you
you